Apple's new iPhone 6 is the slipperiest
ever made it's also extremely thin which
makes it prone to drops and to add on
the protruding camera is always at risk
of getting scratched all of the above
are reasons why a case or some type of
protection truly is necessary for this
generations iPhone the only problem is
that if you have an iPhone 6 you want to
show off the logo you don't want to
cover it up in some ugly old bulky case
but that's where we earths rinky fusion
comes into play it has a rather unique
build to it that combines a hardshell
backing on the rear with a firm TPU that
goes around the edge of the phone it
makes getting the iPhone 6 in and out of
the case a bit of a pain but it will
ensure there's a zero percent chance of
the phone ever sliding out one thing
that we in key fusion has that many
others don't is that there are covers
going around the Lightning port and also
the headphone jack this ensures that no
debris or dust somehow slides in there
when the phone is in your pocket or just
throughout the day I'm honestly not
quite sure how useful this is in a real
life scenario but it's a nice touch
nonetheless in regards to buttons and
ports the rinky fusion will give you
complete access to everything like the
camera lightning ports and the volume
rockers and power buttons are extremely
clicky which is always nice like I
mentioned earlier this case is a hybrid
between a TPU and a hardshell and it
feels nice in the hand it certainly adds
some much-needed grip to the slippery
iPhone 6
well not feeling too sticky one thing I
have noticed is that my model actually
did come with some scratches on it and
to me it's not a big deal but they do
have a 90-day warranty so if yours does
get scuffed up you can get it replaced
easily believe it or not this case is
currently under ten dollars which is a
great value for the money it comes in
four different color accents with the
backing being clear on all models the
color is actually changed around the TPU
material ring and if you don't
understand that it is a bit tough to
explain the color options without
actually showing you the product page so
I will have it linked in the description
for you to check out anyway the rear
Thor inky fusion could be the best
iPhone 6 case on the market right now if
you're interested in my written review
of the case or where to buy it you can
both links in the description right next
to the like button if you enjoy my
content please do subscribe and I'll see
you all next time
[Music]